hello hello j9 little Search and Destroy
wasn't the Olympia shotgun we just
bought a hawk for the loss set a place
of search this morning it's not my most
favorited game type for domination
demolition something like that and
spoiler alert that was my first and only
death in the game yes this is mr. cool
dog 500 hit 100 subscribers yesterday
and thank you thank all of you for days
and 87 subscribers I'll take it hope
forward to playing with you guys send me
a friends request through a xbox live
follow me at twitter jordan 9 it's all
the same might even be able to find me
on facebook to jordan 9 you never know
anyway
I haven't been able to connect to
minecraft today I don't know why pretty
sad but things happen all right round
two good boy the objective to get it
done we got the ball haven't played
zombies in a while either I have to hit
up the game tonight it is Sunday you
know they say about Sundays and zombies
comment below what do they say about
Sundays and zombies why why for the win
yeah it's having a lot of fun this
morning playing these guys just being
crazy and silly I just hit a little 50
next out on the I think it's the fifth
prestige here's the game kiddos cam
they left me on a camp the actual kill
cam moves really slow those last two
shots I was just being silly with the
guy what are the videos you guys want to
see I've put up all the scene in our
games that I got by blank ready for
deployment Rob mcgwire doesn't see any
challenges you want to see some zombie
and want to see search and destroy
hardcore demolition tomahawk on the
game's ballistic knives on the games
that guy was just oblivious I don't know
what his problem was got her if I played
of their blood brother Bob take up the
bond give it a quick plan to all the
romaine finish division bombing dawn and
yeah set up acclaim are on the bomb so
if he decides to go to it he's going to
get tripped himself but I end up seeing
him right here I was going to do circle
around them
but I heard him hurt him though preeti
bag right there for all fucking sakes
good job babe no no I never really liked
the Olympia but after this little
showing I you know I'm a gamma go with
it yeah but what you guys his favorite
gun besides the 74 you I've been trying
not to use it as much as I had its my
most used weapon trying to find another
submachine gun but nothing really stack
up you know i love the Galil the famas
is a pretty nice weapon with dual mags
have a news ak-47 much each good job
babe get ready for the next round yeah
that's crazy the opposing team has three
guys are doing a head to the left it's
William just came back as I revive him
he wants to play call of duty a
anyway so spring break right here what
are you guys going to do was the party's
at there's always something going on in
a lake havasu here or something like
that you know this is the most thrilling
commentary I put up to date um a little
bit about myself when I'm raised in
Phoenix Arizona I've lived in Colorado
for a little bit and Florida for a
little bit grew up an only child till 99
I'm heading the kid my sister Avery
she's a amazing basketball player
anything else you guys want to hear just
hit me up um all right that's it go to
call duty faction calm sign up on our
forums go to true minecraft calm sign up
on those forms and i'll see you guys
there